Migrate From ContractKit to Viem (#294)
celo-org/social-connect: apps/signer/README.md

- `BLOCKCHAIN_PROVIDER` - The blockchain node provider for chain state access. `
- `BLOCKCHAIN_API_KEY` - Optional API key to be added to the authentication header. `

> - `CHAIN_ID` should be 44220 or celo or 44787 on alfajores

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CHAIN_ID` should be 44220 for Celo Mainnet or 44787 for Celo Alfajores
```
